# Netflix
## Objective
Using a Sample dataset of Netflix's user's and subscriber's to determine if is a correlation between subscriber's age and Netflix's monthly revenue.
## Data
The data used for this project found on Kaglle's website for public datasets and can be viewed [here](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/arnavsmayan/netflix-userbase-dataset/code?resource=download)
## Resolution
First I examined the dataset with python to see if any data was duplicated or missing and no duplications or missing data. Next I examined the mean, averag, and count of the data to see if i could find anything from this information. Next I created created a Histogram to show the dristibution of monthly revenue, then a barchart to show the distribution of the age of subscribers, as well as other visualizations. Then I used a Heat map to see if there was a correlation between the age of subscribers and monthly revenue. It showed that there is a a strong positive correlation between the two. Next I created a test model to test if my theory was strong and the corrletion was indeed strong. Using the test model I created a scatter plot model that showed a coefficient of approximatly -0.008 and a intercept of approximatly 12.85 this meant that as age increases monthly revenue will decrease at a rate of 0.008 from the point when monthly revenue is at 12.85. Finally I used the data to determine the R squared value and got a value of -0.006 which means that the test model results are worse that using the mean of the target variables as a result the test model is a failure. Further analysis will be needed to detirmine if linear regression testing of the dataset is needed.
